---
layout: post
title: "Wassup!"
description: "The talk of the past, present and future"
thumb_image: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ArrowOS/arrow_logos/master/ArrowLogo-sky-transparent.png"
priority: 1004
tags: [arrowos, android, news, nightlies, sponsor]
---

Published on: Nov 22, 2020 by Ganesh Varma<br>

<style type="text/css" media="Screen">
 .Dropcap {
  color: #42f5aa;
  float: left;
  font-size: 69px;
  line-height: 30px;
  padding-top: 4px;
  padding-right: 8px;
  padding-left: 3px;
}
</style>

<span class="Dropcap">I</span>f you've been noticing there's a lot in terms of changes, new pages popping up and improvemnts happening in the backgroud. Its been a while and theres a lot to catchup, so lets make it quick. The __arrow-11.0__ source base has reached a stable status now. We currently stand at a total of __24__ official devices and __5__ devices supported under the community edition. And a total of __18__ maintainers keeping those devices alive, constantly working to push out more stable and upstreamed releases. We as a team are thriving forward by supporting more and more new devices. Thanks for all the continued support from our loyal users that admire our work and stick with us in this journey of providing a clean and refined experience on your devices.

#### Stats web gets a new look <br>

Have you had a look at the new revamped desing of our stats website? The boys ([Abhay Kshatriya](https://github.com/kshatriya-abhay), [Lineu Martins](https://github.com/lamp216) and [Harsh Sharma](https://github.com/harsh-23)) have really put in great effort in providing a better UX displaying all the information needed. Have a look at it [here](https://stats.arrowos.net) if you haven't already!

We aren't ashamed to show our current live installations with the 24 hours preview [page](https://stats.arrowos.net/recent). It was never about the numbers but always been in the view of being transparent to the community. The project would still continue if it was only us the core members using the rom.

#### Welcoming a young talent

If you remember our [post](https://blog.arrowos.net/posts/a-new-approach) on benefits to the contributors and ArrowOS squad. Recently another one of our contributors has made the cut from our potential candidates list to join the squad.

Daniel has joined ArrowOS in the early stages of R as a maintainer for Redmi k20 (davinci). He quickly grabbed our attention with his contributions and interactivity with the team members. Our work force has been growing lately both IRL and with the project. So its always a great feeling welcoming a new talent, for the good of the project in continuing further support.

#### A change in build release strategy and a new changelogs page

We have recently moved on from weeklies to nightlies to push out more upstreamed builds and to keep you hooked on the latest merged changes. All the official and community devices of arrow-11.0 will be built everyday. To keep up with the changes you can flash the daily builds or flash a nightly by the end of the week which will be considered as weeklies from now on.

Its impossible for us to manually update the changelogs anymore with the nightlies, so in order to provide a clear view to the users of daily changes the changelogs page has been made dynamic now. All the recently merged changes will be reflected onto the changelog page seperated by dates and version per repo.

#### The godfather

By now you might have already stumbled upon our new dynamic [device downloads page](https://arrowos.net/download). Its been live now since few months providing everybit of info regarding the device and its latest updates. We have long moved from [sourceforge](https://sourceforge.net/projects/arrow-os/). With our new download mirrors you should have seen a bump in providing better and stable download speeds. The download servers are generously provided by our sponsor [Datapacket](https://www.datapacket.com/). __Datapacket__ specializes in high-bandwidth dedicated servers with network transit across 5 continents. They've been really great with providing us the servers and support when needed. We would like to take this oppurtunity to thank them and say a few words on how they provide servers to many other software corporations with their top notch servers and an awesome 10 gigabit low latency network uplink. Their data centers are spread all over the world which play a key role in mitigating the latencies and provide with faster downloads.